(upbeat music)
- In this challenge,
you're asked to write the custom handler method
with new input and output.
Imagine we want to build a function
that checks if a customer who's shopping
on some eCommerce website can receive a promotion.
In this challenge, we want you to write
a lambda function that accepts cart data
and returns if the customer is eligible
to receive a promotion.
In case the cart sum is higher than 1000,
then the customer can get a 10 percent discount.
In case the cart contains coupon code freeshipping,
then the customer is eligible for free shipping.
As an output, you need to return promotion data
with reduced price, free shipping flag
and a promotion message.
This challenge should take about 10 minutes.
If you get stuck,
you can check out my solution video to see
how I solved the challenge.